Teacher More comments about the meeting? I'd really like to hear from as many people as possible- What comments you had or reactions you had to being in that meeting yesterday. Sean? 
Sean I don't have anything about the meeting yesterday, but I was just thinking about six. It was a- I'm thinking that it's a- it's an odd- it can be an odd number too 'cause there could be two- Two, four, six, and two- three twos, that would make six- 
Teacher Uh-huh
Sean And two threes. It could be an odd and an even number. Both. Three things to make it, and there could be two things to make it.
Teacher Uh-huh. And the two things that you put together to make it were odd, right? Three and three are each odd? 
Sean Uh-huh, and I think the other- the twos were even.
Teacher So you're kind of- I think Nathan said then that he wasn't talking about every even number. Right, Nathan? Were you saying that?
Teacher Some of the even numbers, like six, are made up of two odds like you just suggested. Other people's comments? Cassandra?
Cassandra I disagree with Sean when he said that six can be an odd number. I think six can't be an odd number because- Look-
Teacher Jeannie, Betsy? 
Cassandra Six can't be an odd number because this is even, odd, even, odd, even, odd, even. How could it be an odd number because...
Sean Because- 
Cassandra Even, odd, even, odd, even, odd. Zero's not an odd number. 
Sean Because six- Because there can be three of something to make six, and three of something is like odd. Like see, you can make two, four, six. THREE TWOS to make that, and two threes makes it.
Nathan But that doesn't-
Teacher Keith?
Nathan that doesn't necessarily mean that six is odd
Teacher Why not Keith?
Nathan because- just because you need two odd numbers to add up to an even number doesn't mean it has to be odd, you know what I mean.
Teacher What's the definition- What's our work- Sean, what's our working definition of an even number? Do you remember from the other day the working definition we're using? What is it?
Sean It's that- I forgot.
Teacher Could somebody help us out with this? ‘Cause we need in the group to have an idea that we're working with. What's the working definition we're using? Do other people know it besides Lucy and Sheena? I think other people do. Maria, do you know what the definition is that we've been using for an even number?
Teacher I'm confused now
Sean You could split six fairly, and you can split six not fairly. You can like- cut six in half.
Teacher Uh-huh
Sean There's like- Say there's two of you... And you had six cookies, and you didn't want to split it in half and, so that each person would get three, and you wanted to split it by twos. Each person would get two and there would be two left. 
Teacher for which number now...for six?
Sean Six. uh huh
Teacher So are you saying all numbers are odd then?
Sean No I'm not saying all nymbers are odd but-
Teacher Which numbers are not odd then?
Sean Two, four, six- six can be odd or even-
Sean Because there's three twos. 
Cassandra Prove to us that six can be odd. 
Sean There's three twos
Cassandra Prove to us that it can be odd. 
Sean Five, six… okay
Teacher Does everybody understand what Sean's trying to argue? He's saying six could be even or it could be odd…Well watch what he's going to prove and then you can ask him a question about it. 
Sean Because, see this? (draws on the teacher’s diagram) There's two. Number two over here. Put that there. Put this here. There's two, two, and two. And that would make six. 
Cassandra I know, which is even. 
Mei Oh, I think I know what he's saying.
Teacher Mei? could you stay there? People have some questions for you.
Mei I think what he is saying is that it's almost- I think what he's saying is that you have three groups of two, and three is an odd number, so six can be an odd number and an even number.
Teacher Do other people agree with that? Is that what you're saying, Sean?
Sean Yeah.
Teacher Okay, do other people agree with him? Mei, you disagree with that?
Mei Yeah, I disagree with that because it's not according to like- Here, can I show it on the board?
Teacher Uh-huh.
Mei It's not according to like how many groups it is.
Teacher Riba, can you watch what Mei's doing?
Mei Let's say that I have... Let's say- If you call six an odd number , why don't- 
Sean And it can be an even.
Mei Let's see if I can find... Let's say ten. One, two... And here are ten circles. And then you would split them. Let's say I wanted to split them by twos. Go one, two... Well look- one, two, three, four, five. Then why do you not call ten a, like a-
Sean I disagree with myself.
Mei an odd number and an even number? Or why don't you call other, like, numbers an odd number and an even number?
Sean I didn't think of it that way. Thank you for bringing it up. So, I say it's- Five- ten can be an odd and an even.
Mei Yeah, but what about- what about other numbers? Like, if you keep on going on like that and you say that other numbers are odd and even, maybe we'll end it up with all numbers are odd and even. Then it won't make sense that all numbers should be odd and even, because if all numbers were odd and even, we wouldn't be even having this discussion!
